Now i will detail what everything is doing.... so we break it out by equity, fixed income, hard currency, uncorrelated alternatives, and cash & cash equivalent... i know this is different than what the data dump has with assets, second level and third level --- i will explain... at the very bottom we have the liquidity %'s - liquid assets and illiquid asset% which is given in the data dump as Liquid or Illiquid... at the very bottom we have performance.. it seems like you already got that one and it is pretty self explanatory. so we can go deeper if needed, but i will leave that there for now..

now for equity --- if a position/security is labelled equity for the asset class in data dump - it goes here.... the first row in the sreenshot is the % allocation to equity as a percentage of the entire portfolio.. in the three rows below, we have vol, beta, and beta adjusted... we should include this in the report, but for now all of these can be left blank because we will not use them until we integrate the security risk stats.... below that is the equity breakdown. these are simply all of the possible second levels (given in the data dump) under equity... they are as follows: US Markets, Global Markets, Emerging Markets, Commodities, Real Estate, Private Equity, High Yield, Venture Capital, Low Beta Alpha, Equity Derivatives, and Income Notes. these percentages should add up to the percentage in equity at the top row.... they are also as a percent of the entire portfolio... 

now for fixed income... here we have fixed income as a percentage of the entire portfolio. then we have duration, we should include this row, but it can be left blank as we will not have it until we integrate risk stats.... under fixed income we have four second levels (given by the data dump second level column) which are Municipal Bonds, Government Bonds, Investment Grade, and Fixed Income Derivatives... for Municipal Bonds, Government Bonds, and Investment grade, we have a further breakdown which is Low Duration, Market Duration, and Long Duration... we should include these rows but they can be left blank until we integrate the risk stats.... the percentages for the duration should add up to the total for that second level... for instance if a portfolio had 4% of their overall portfolio in municipal bonds, then the municpal bond row would show 4% and the low, market, and long durations would add up to thaat 4%....