now for equity --- if a position/security is labelled equity for the asset class in data dump - it goes here.... the first row in the sreenshot is the % allocation to equity as a percentage of the entire portfolio.. in the three rows below, we have vol, beta, and beta adjusted... we should include this in the report, but for now all of these can be left blank because we will not use them until we integrate the security risk stats.... below that is the equity breakdown. these are simply all of the possible second levels (given in the data dump) under equity... they are as follows: US Markets, Global Markets, Emerging Markets, Commodities, Real Estate, Private Equity, High Yield, Venture Capital, Low Beta Alpha, Equity Derivatives, and Income Notes. these percentages should add up to the percentage in equity at the top row.... they are also as a percent of the entire portfolio... 

now for fixed income... here we have fixed income as a percentage of the entire portfolio. then we have duration, we should include this row, but it can be left blank as we will not have it until we integrate risk stats.... under fixed income we have four second levels (given by the data dump second level column) which are Municipal Bonds, Government Bonds, Investment Grade, and Fixed Income Derivatives... for Municipal Bonds, Government Bonds, and Investment grade, we have a further breakdown which is Low Duration, Market Duration, and Long Duration... we should include these rows but they can be left blank until we integrate the risk stats.... the percentages for the duration should add up to the total for that second level... for instance if a portfolio had 4% of their overall portfolio in municipal bonds, then the municpal bond row would show 4% and the low, market, and long durations would add up to thaat 4%.... 

then we have hard currency... this is where it gets a bit confusing.... hard currency technically isnt an asset class via the data dump... it is an alternative... and the second level is precious metals... so if soemthing is labelled alternative at the asset class. we want to immediately check the second level for precious metals... if it is precious metals it goes in this hard currency section... the total hard currency is the percentage of hard currency of the whole portfolio... the next two rows are hc beta and beta adj. which we want to have in the portfolio report but can leave blank until we integrate the risk stats... then below we have the break down of the hard currency at the third levels as follows: Gold, Gold Miners, Silver, silver miners, Industrial Metals, Hard Currency Private Investment, and Precious Metals Derivatives... these are all at the third level in the data dump... these percentages should add up to the eprcentage in the total hard currency row... 

Next, we have uncrorelated alternatives... here we have the total in uncorrelated alternatives, so that is anything labelled alternatives at the asset class level that is NOT labelled Precious metals as the second level.... it is a percentage in that as a percentage of the whole portfolio.... then we have further break downs hhere... we have crypto which is at the third level classification, so if something is labelled alternatives at the asset class and not labelled preciopus metals at the second level, we should check the third level to see if it is crypto... if so, then that percentage goes in there... next we check for the securtity/position name to see if it is Proficio Short Term Alts or Proficio Long Term Alts... this is in the position/security name not the classifications - so if its an alternative, not precious metals at the second level, and not crypto at the third level, then we check for either of these in the position/security name.. these are broken out by the short and long term funds so they are included there too... then for everything else in the alternatives bucket that is not precious metals at the second level, crypto at the third level, or proficio short term alts / proficio long term alts at the positon/security name, then it goes in other.... the percentages for crypto, other, proficio short term alts, and proficio long term alts should add up to the percentage in the uncrorelated alternatives row. 

lastly,. we have cash & cash Equivalent... if something is labelled at the asset class level in the data dump as cash & Cash Equivalent, then it goes here. this is the amount in there as a percentage of the entire portfolio..