Now i will describe our current process of the Portfolio Report because i think it will give a great example of what we are doing with it and maybe give some intuition as to how to optimize it/make it more efficient. So currently, we have an excel file that we built (we copy it and make a new one each day)... the excel has formulas to calculate this.... in the excel, alll we do is download the data dump from addepar and copy and paste it into the excel. the complicated and advanced formulas embedded within it calculate the portfolio percentages and take the metrics from the risk stats to get the metric-adjusted statistics. from there, we have a tab that cleans it all up and generates it in the way we want to... (see the screenshot attached). 

I want to be utterly clear here, we want it to be in the exact same format as our clean and professional Report that we have currently.... it should be nearly identical.

The issue with the excel is that the data dump is nearly 100,000 rows of data, and a plethora of complicated formulas so it takes around 15 minutes just to load... efficiency is what we want to optimize for... it is nice having it in excel because everyone is comfortable with excel, so having this clean and easy in the front end is important.... 

We have a couple options here... I can upload an example of one of the excels into cursor so we can look at the actual formulas and use it as reference (i don't think this is best) but still one possibility. 

Now i will detail what everything is doing.... so we break it out by equity, fixed income, hard currency, uncorrelated alternatives, and cash & cash equivalent... i know this is different than what the data dump has with assets, second level and third level --- i will explain... at the very bottom we have the liquidity %'s - liquid assets and illiquid asset% which is given in the data dump as Liquid or Illiquid... at the very bottom we have performance.. it seems like you already got that one and it is pretty self explanatory. so we can go deeper if needed, but i will leave that there for now..

now for equity --- if a position/security is labelled equity for the asset class in data dump - it goes here.... the first row in the sreenshot is the % allocation to equity as a percentage of the entire portfolio.. in the three rows below, we have vol, beta, and beta adjusted... we should include this in the report, but for now all of these can be left blank because we will not use them until we integrate the security risk stats.... below that is the equity breakdown. these are simply all of the possible second levels (given in the data dump) under equity... they are as follows: US Markets, Global Markets, Emerging Markets, Commodities, Real Estate, Private Equity, High Yield, Venture Capital, Low Beta Alpha, Equity Derivatives, and Income Notes. these percentages should add up to the percentage in equity at the top row.... they are also as a percent of the entire portfolio... 

now for fixed income... here we have fixed income as a percentage of the entire portfolio. then we have duration, we should include this row, but it can be left blank as we will not have it until we integrate risk stats.... under fixed income we have four second levels (given by the data dump second level column) which are Municipal Bonds, Government Bonds, Investment Grade, and Fixed Income Derivatives... for Municipal Bonds, Government Bonds, and Investment grade, we have a further breakdown which is Low Duration, Market Duration, and Long Duration... we should include these rows but they can be left blank until we integrate the risk stats.... the percentages for the duration should add up to the total for that second level... for instance if a portfolio had 4% of their overall portfolio in municipal bonds, then the municpal bond row would show 4% and the low, market, and long durations would add up to thaat 4%.... 

then we have hard currency... this is where it gets a bit confusing.... hard currency technically isnt an asset class via the data dump... it is an alternative... and the second level is precious metals... so if soemthing is labelled alternative at the asset class. we want to immediately check the second level for precious metals... if it is precious metals it goes in this hard currency section... the total hard currency is the percentage of hard currency of the whole portfolio... the next two rows are hc beta and beta adj. which we want to have in the portfolio report but can leave blank until we integrate the risk stats... then below we have the break down of the hard currency at the third levels as follows: Gold, Gold Miners, Silver, silver miners, Industrial Metals, Hard Currency Private Investment, and Precious Metals Derivatives... these are all at the third level in the data dump... these percentages should add up to the eprcentage in the total hard currency row... 

Next, we have uncrorelated alternatives... here we have the total in uncorrelated alternatives, so that is anything labelled alternatives at the asset class level that is NOT labelled Precious metals as the second level.... it is a percentage in that as a percentage of the whole portfolio.... then we have further break downs hhere... we have crypto which is at the third level classification, so if something is labelled alternatives at the asset class and not labelled preciopus metals at the second level, we should check the third level to see if it is crypto... if so, then that percentage goes in there... next we check for the securtity/position name to see if it is Proficio Short Term Alts or Proficio Long Term Alts... this is in the position/security name not the classifications - so if its an alternative, not precious metals at the second level, and not crypto at the third level, then we check for either of these in the position/security name.. these are broken out by the short and long term funds so they are included there too... then for everything else in the alternatives bucket that is not precious metals at the second level, crypto at the third level, or proficio short term alts / proficio long term alts at the positon/security name, then it goes in other.... the percentages for crypto, other, proficio short term alts, and proficio long term alts should add up to the percentage in the uncrorelated alternatives row. 

lastly,. we have cash & cash Equivalent... if something is labelled at the asset class level in the data dump as cash & Cash Equivalent, then it goes here. this is the amount in there as a percentage of the entire portfolio..

lastly, we have some general formatting stuff. at the top we have the portfolio - which is simply the protfolio name... the next two rows are pm and classifciation... we want to include these rows, but we do not have to worry about them now... i will most likely manually add all of these classifications/PMs in the front end when we get to that point.

One last thing.... we want this report to be literally identical to what we have created here. this is loved by everyone there and we do not want any deviations from it. THE ONE thing that we want to change/add is this: below this portfolio review, a few rows below, we want to have adjusted value which is simply the total amount... this is simply to ensure people know they are looking at the right thing because sometimes they do not know what exact accounts are in a portfolio so they can make sure by checkign this...